Add release note for 1.20.1 (#4475)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.20.1.mdx

---
date: 2022-10-11
---

## 🌟 New features

- N/A

## 📈 Improvements

> - N/A

Reviewer: Remove all `N/A`s?

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

> - `application/json` media type is correctly set to HTTP/JSON-to-gRPC transcoding responses. #4474

Reviewer 2: What do you think of also documenting the affected versions?

```suggestion
- `application/json` media type is correctly set for HTTP/JSON-to-gRPC transcoded responses. #4474
    - Versions 1.19.0 to 1.20.0 are affected
```

Reviewer: ; and link `#4473` as well?

Author: Fixed. 😉
